hello hello everybody thank you for
tuning in to another starcraft 2
broadcast i am an artist bringing you
the third and final match in this best
of three series between team a sports
and team evil geniuses on the right side
we do have Tosh and nova representing
team mousesports on the left side we do
have ax love and strife crow
representing Evil Geniuses on scorched
Haven which is another map that I think
can lend itself very well to early
pressure the nice thing about this
though is that it does not have a shared
ramp and the ramps that do exist are
relatively small one forrestfield can
hold this at least for Tosh here so you
see he's going to be opening up with
what looks like a fairly standard
positioning on the buildings are going
to have that wall off or it's the
Gateway cybernetics core or forged if
it's like game number two and followed
up by you know whatever tech route he
decides to go with strife crow over here
it looks like heat wait a minute hey I
like this this is this is not something
you see two incredibly often and to be
two games what you find at this level
then again how many of these we actually
find at this level right so anyways what
he's doing here for those of you who may
not know if you share control with your
teammate drop a geyser you can mine off
of it cool stuff awesome now strafe crow
has basically 425 minerals plus
obviously the value of the drone in the
mining time associated thereof has given
his opponent or his teammate the ability
to mind gas without losing time for the
SCV building it and be able to mine for
that much longer so that's pretty
freaking cool man definitely an
interesting strategy and this is what
I've talked about so many times before
2v2 has extremely different strategies
styles of play than 1 v1 it's not
something you can just translate into
you know to you can't have four players
doing all these 1v1 builds as you know
it just really doesn't work out so well
but when you had this level of
cooperation you find really crazy bills
and so here with this gas we see he does
have 200 minerals a hundred some gas
you're going to see a factory going down
does Tosh see it no it does not just out
of range right there I love how he did
that position to just close enough
so with this marine popping out here
just a second or two you think we're to
see that probe run away pretty quickly
okay that's fine and dandy reactor going
down as well so I'm really wondering
what acts love is going to be doing here
in particular you notice how he's still
mining that gas I'm wondering if he's
going to be using that for upgrades
maybe he's just going to go ahead and
drop a tech lab on that factory I'm
thinking we're going to see hellions
that's really what I'm feeling here
because again we look and see the
zerglings are already coming out for
strife crow gonna be looking to put some
burly pressure as well as this marine so
this kind of harassment I think would be
followed up extremely well by that
Hellion style of play especially since
there's a zerg over here that cannot
wall off and you see he's got to spine
crawlers going down again he's
anticipating the need for that early
defense considering how the fact that
game number two he lost basically just
because he did not commit enough to
defending his base and that early
pressure took him down so now we see
Nova sitting there with a decent amount
of zerglings here eight total and a few
Protoss forces as well as a probe just
come as Isaac one of these units is not
like the others I am NOT a fighting unit
so I'm just going to go ahead and head
back and do my own thing so this
overlord actually is acting as bait here
for the stalker will it fall for the
trap it looks like no the zerglings have
come in nice reinforcements by Nova is
tahj continues to work on taking this
out it will supply block stripe crow at
least for a very brief while not too
long though as we do see him 24 of 18
but now here we go with us Hellion sup
that's like I was talking about man just
switch those two structures and you're
going to be that fantastic position to
put some early pressure likely again on
the zerg opponent however you know if it
was like zerg enterin they'd probably or
if it was like Protoss and tear and
they're facing up against they would
probably honestly go for the Protoss
because you know obviously hellions can
just out range the zealot in to burn
down that little burned down that wall
from afar and deal quite a bit of damage
now what I think these Hellas are going
to be looking to do here is try to
engage the gauge alongside the zerglings
because when zerglings fight other
circlings you had this giant wall where
it's basically one group here one group
here and then the
we'll be able to come out to the side
and just get perfect lineups but we are
going to see those helmets annihilate
the mineral line they're only a couple
of drones were made they are trying to
get to safety but now a huge circling
just a cluster house right now man this
is absolutely insane we are going to see
team evil geniuses come out slightly
ahead in that endeavor it's nice force
field there by Tosh is going to allow
him to basically by a little bit of time
but notice how axel has transitioned
into Marauders now very smart move i
think he realizes okay by the time we
finish up this you know this whole deal
Oh forcefield misplaced right there that
is a huge blunder then it could actually
cost him the ramp right there as all of
these forces are able to work on taking
out this cybernetics core a few certain
things coming in here as well keeping
the Protoss on his toes he has lost his
centuries now so really it's just a
matter of time we do have blank on the
way it could help out a little bit but
again losing the cybernetics core is
gonna really make these you know this
blink pretty much just useless until he
gets another one up because you see he
does have it up now these basically just
a few stalkers that's about it so that
blink tech is going to be in terms of
effectiveness limited at best so great
hit there without even knowing that that
Twilight Council is on the way but now
the mineral line is going to be taken
out there you're seeing that Tosh tried
to clog it up keep those hellions away
but I think you just put them a little
bit too close there and a lot of that
splash was feeding office behind the
stalkers into the probe line and now you
have what you see here which is going to
be a GG at some point in the near future
really don't see don't see team
mousesports coming back from this 520 I
mean hey one could say this is a close
match but that one would definitely not
be me I would be the one that says yeah
okay it's over we're gonna have a GG any
second now so there we go toss just
leaving the game that's it folks that is
going to be game number three concluding
a very exciting series between evil
geniuses and team mousesports I am an
heiress again if you enjoyed the videos
please be sure to subscribe it helps me
out a ton just click my little Inara
starcraft link up there at the top or
even click the link that you know
appeared when they appeared one mouse
Tosh left the game
and hit that for me and you will make
the world a better place that's all I
got thanks for watching my cat says sup